Copy all tutorials to dome (#80)
ignitionrobotics/docs: dome/GUI_tutorial.md

# Understanding the GUI

This guide is an introduction to the Ignition Graphical User Interface (GUI).

## Prerequisites

> Before beginning, you should have [Ignition installed](/docs/dome/install).
> If you installed [from source](/docs/dome/install)
> you will need to [source](/docs/dome/install_ubuntu_src#using-the-workspace) the workspace;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before beginning, you should have [Ignition installed](install.md).
If you installed [from source](install.md)
you will need to [source](install_ubuntu_src.md#using-the-workspace) the workspace;
```

It looks like we are missing the file extensions in order to make these links work.

Also, since all of these files are in the same directory, would it be best to omit the path since that assumes the current directory?

#### Grid Config

The grid visible in the scene can be adjusted by a plugin.
You can adjust features of the world's grid, including cell size, grid position, cell count, and even color.

Open the the Grid Config plugin by selecting it from the plugins button from the toolbar and selecting it from the dropdown list.

![Select Grid Config](img/grid_config.png)

#### World Control

Along the bottom edge of the scene, you'll notice several buttons:

![Playback buttons](img/playback.png)

From left to right, the options are `Play`, `Steps` and `RTF` (real time factor).

Pressing `Play` will start the simulation.
You can use the same button to pause the simulation as well.

The `Steps` button allows you to step through the simulation at the rate of a step size, or simulation iteration.
You can customize step size by hovering over the button.

At the furthest right end of the scene, you can expand `RTF` to see not only the percentage value that compares real time with sim time, but also those individual values themselves, as well as iteration count.

The function of the World Control options will become clearer once you begin manipulating entities.

## Next Up

> Now that you're comfortable with Ignition GUI navigation and terminology, let's start learning about more meaningful model interactions with the [Manipulating Models](manipulating_models) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you're comfortable with Ignition GUI navigation and terminology, let's start learning about more meaningful model interactions with the [Manipulating Models](Manipulating_models.md) tutorial.
```
